---
title: ACE VR Car Game
layout: post
project_name: ACE VR Car Game
---

### *Note: I cannot disclose the source code of this project, as it is proprietary now. The project is still under development with a different internship team.*

This untitled project was certainly an interesting one to work on. At Ontario Tech, we have some cool engineering technology that some of my professors wanted to use to make a fun and realistic VR car driving experience. I had the privilege of working with the ACE facility staff and some lower year students in the making of the first prototype.

In a nutshell, the tech is a system with 4 posts on the corner of a large square, fit to carry a real car. It is used to simulate road conditions, uphill and downhill, etc. We wanted to  leverage this tech to make driving in VR feel all the more real.

I was responsible for setting up the framework for the core gameplay and networking the game to the 4 post system. I wrote clean and expandable code using a combination of C++ and Unreal Blueprints. The 4 post communicator as I called it sends commands to the system to change the height of any post. It is multithreaded and can take any number of requests at a user-modifiable speed dynamically at runtime.

This was my first professional project as a game dev, and I learned a lot about collaborating with fellow students from different years and with different skills levels. I also learned what its like to work for multiple external clients, and it was my first foray into VR development. It was a great experience for sure.